*** GENERAL ***

We need additional image-URL fields in our records -- in the connector
framework, in the Torus record's capabilities and elsewhere. Figure
out what's needed, and who needs to do it.

Can the IRSpy toroid be made to return a meaningful capability field?

Metasearch all targets and see what happens. Figure out why it goes
wrong.

Get Charles to remove the testing proxy-IPs from open-access
databases.

Fix the Torus's timed refresh to run on its own in the background,
rather than waiting until the next time a request is made after the
refresh-time has expired.


*** MKWS ***

Make a demo widget that displays an image, like the "From the Digital
Archive" panel of our Toronto Digital Library demo.

Make a widget demo that displays the top-hit full record rather than a
list of summary records. This can be used to pull in Wikipedia text to
make the bulk of a topic page.

Make an Amazon cover-art widget.

Do target selection by UDB rather than ZURL. Needs SP changes.

We will want a facets-only widget, e.g. to list top authors

Visualisation widgets e.g. pie-chart of authors, bar-graph of records
Generate embedded SVG? Does that even work?

Make am MKWS/Fresco demo by embedding widgets in our Koha
installation. Get Wolfram to do this, and find out which parts of the
process are cumbersome for him.

Write about interesting new widgets on the Index Data blog.

Widget gallery
	Mainly a marketing thing on mkws.indexdata.com
	May also have a role in widget creation in MKAdmin

Architecture:
  * Separate objects for each widget
  * Translucent configuration
  * Decouple using publish/subscribe
  * Managed widgets held in the Torus
  * 3rd party widget platforms

Write integration guides for various third-party CMSs.

In the widget builder, we want to expose capability information (from
ZeeRex or a Torus record) in a human-consumable form: "this target can
sort by recency", that kind of thing.

Auto-widgets should be able to include limits (as a full set of
MK2-like widgets does in order to implement facets).

Auto-widgets should be able to include filters (as a full set of
MK2-like widgets does in order to implement the Target facet). This
can be used to implement target categories as well as the current
cruder target-selection-by-ID facility.

In the widget builder, we should be able to filter the targets
available to the widget on the basis of what requirements the widget
has, e.g. ability to sort by recency. The capability facet in MKAdmin
may suffice for this.

Check library selection by hostname works for MKWS.

The widget-builder widget (WBW) should have a Save button that is
customised by a callback, so that the widget in question can (for
example) be copied into the clipboard, pasted into a nominated div,
saved to a database or whatever.

Allow debug() to be customised by setting a callback function that is
passed the string rather than just giving it to console.log().

Create a logging widget which displays the output of debug().

Add library selection by secret key as an alternative to selection by
user/pw. This is appropriate for security-conscious customers to embed
in their own CORS-aware Apache2 configuration.

